Frank elope is here for facebook line
com so we got to talk to you guys about
our having a your own little subscribe
button where as soon as you you hit that
little subscribe right here it would go
directly into your account so people
would be subscribe automatically it
would it would basically make them
subscribe this setup in here is really
good for for facebook this type of
buttons here and i'll show you guys how
to create these buttons through through
facebook you cannot use this type right
here because it's just the the coding
that comes out of it is way too much for
facebook to be able to put it inside
your your your facebook account unless
somebody knows otherwise but this type
right here which is really simple coding
it's not a whole lot of coding it
actually allows it to do it and it's
inside of an iframe which is all this
coding in here now don't worry about
this coating right now but this coating
right here you'll be able to see it most
liked you right underneath your your
facebook i mean your youtube account if
you're looking at there i'll go ahead
and put that code there so you can just
copy and paste it the thing you have to
be make sure to do you just got to make
sure these XYZ ray are you put in your
account which mine is frankie social
which that's the part where I would put
in there ok so let's go back so how do
you get this one's right here so you can
put this once inside of your web page
you may ask all you're gonna have to do
go in here you're going to have to go to
your your this account right here which
is a youtube com for /t forward slash
creator underscore downloads go inside
there make sure that you're logged in to
your account whatever your account is so
you can grab this grip but you'll grab
the the right one so make sure it's the
the right account that you're using in
all you have to do is quite simply to
put it in dirt copy it and then put it
inside your your web page and there you
go that's it right there and then it has
more right here you got some heart ones
i love you tube and and it has some
pretty pretty cool ones right there cool
little banners they also have them in
different languages so if you're if
you're wondering about that they do have
different
which is for you already did a couple of
them in Spanish so there you go
hopefully enjoy this this tutorial there
and if you have any questions make sure
to put them up there and the YouTube
right there and also make sure to
subscribe to the channel until next time
I'm Frankie Lopez for facebook line com
I'll see you then